hi this is Robbie with Ticknor
photography I just got a new lens and I
thought I would unbox it and kind of
give you a first look
it's a Rin con or samyang that goes
around it's kind of a global lens comes
in all mounts this is an 85 1.4 but it's
completely manual which means manual
focus manual aperture control everything
and because of that it's really cheap
this Amazon two hundred and fifty
dollars which for an 85 one four is
pretty remarkable this is the focal
length I really like using I usually use
my 70 to 200 to eight and with that you
have to stop it down to three two or
three five to get really sharp images so
this this is kind of the same focal
range that I like but you can go all the
way down to one point four if you want
and allegedly optically this lens is
remarkable so let me open this box see
what we have have some paperwork come
with a little pouch comes with a lens
hood and the lens itself it's fairly
good-sized so it's probably twice the
size and at least twice the weight of my
51 for which I will do another review
later on and compare the two
lens cap I mean screw ones you squeeze
at the side it works okay the back cap
is pretty cheap but it works well focus
ring is really nice it's heavy weighted
feels really good aperture ring wow this
has got a huge aperture the step
increments are 1.4 and then the next one
is 2 then 2 point 8 4 5 6 8 11 16 and 22
so between 1.4 and 2 there's kind of a
big gap kind of wish there was a 1.8
there but that will be ok
minimum focus distance is 1
meter so fairly far away so let's attach
this to my camera and see what it does
I'm using the sony alpha a 77 right here
okay lens feels good focus ring is nice
aperture ring is nice first thing you'll
notice it won't work it doesn't fire
there's no contacts on the back of this
lens and when you try it says check that
the lens is supported blah blah blah in
order to enable it you have to go to
your settings menu I'll show you the
picture setting number one and say
release without lens that has to be
enabled once that's enabled it works on
the back of the camera the f-stop number
is just two hyphens meaning it can't
detect it which is accurate luckily I
have focus peaking because I'm using a
Sony camera so focus is not that
difficult see here that's at 1.4 Wow
looks good so that is a first look at
this lens the lens cap on and see what
it looks like lens hood it works it's
good size but the attachment is really
cheap I would be scared that it's gonna
blow away in the wind so just something
to be aware of but all in all this is
gonna be a fun lens to play with great
portrait focal length so if you have any
questions or comments leave them below
otherwise like and subscribe I'm gonna
be doing a bunch of comparisons with
this lens and some sample photos with
this lens over the next couple weeks so
stay tuned alright bye